ArkProject: Trading Digital Assets Made Easy

## Introduction

The current state of digital asset trading is inefficient and fragmented, resulting in a complex environment that hinders creators from selling their digital assets seamlessly.

## The Problem

The way digital assets are currently traded is inefficient. The market is fragmented across different blockchains and layers that define a constraining and complex environment for any creators looking to sell digital assets. The genesis of this problem can be divided into two distinct categories.

The first category is related to a lack of initial infrastructure and vision within our ecosystem. This includes:

- Disparate standards for marketplaces and royalties.
- Limited access to data generated by the market.
- Non-existence of digital assets interoperability.

The second category relates to the blockchain technology itself. This includes:

- Non-intuitive user experience, hindering the potential for a mass market appeal.
- Low blockchain performance, further hindering the user experience.
- High gas fees, adding a final layer of friction that hinders retail and business adoption.

> ⛔ **As a result, selling NFTs is a time-consuming and complicated process for creators.**

---

## The Solution

In the aim to address both categories of problems listed above, we envision a solution built on four main pillars:

1. **Choosing the Best Underlying Technology**

We strongly believe that Validity Proof Technology, particularly [ZK Rollup](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/), is the most effective technology for enhancing Ethereum's scalability. After careful consideration and thorough benchmarking, we have concluded that [Starknet](https://starkware.co/starknet/) is the ideal ecosystem for ensuring the highest level of scalability for digital assets. Here's why:

- Firstly, Starknet is the most advanced technical solution for scaling Ethereum, offering unparalleled performance and the most cost-effective infrastructure in the long run.
- Secondly, with account abstraction integrated at a protocol level, creators can deliver an exceptional user experience across the entire web3 ecosystem, making it the best choice for scalability.

2. **Creators First**

Having learned from past mistakes made on Ethereum [(Layer 1)](https://ethereum.org/en/layer-2/), we're committed to setting strong standards from day one within the Starknet ecosystem [(Layer 2)](https://ethereum.org/en/layer-2/). To create a sustainable environment for creators, we're implementing creator royalties within our protocol. This way, creators can focus on building for the long term with confidence.

## Research done during the Tel aviv Hackathon

https://www.figma.com/file/TE2LdAJUgHNuVn0IYxK9NL/NFT-EXCHANGE-PROTOCOL-VISION?node-id=0%3A1&t=ps5WxTqDr8RkKZiU-1
